# InventoryTrackingAndroidApp

This is a Project for my 360-Mobile Architect & Programming course at SNHU. 

For the purpose of this assignment, I have developed an Inventory Tracking Mobile Application. This is an Android exclusive app that works with Android 10.0 (Q). This application tracks the name and amount of items in an inventory list. SQLite is used as the database manager. And, it includes user authentication upon first opening the mobile app. The user needs and user stories were not all incorporated into this version due to limited time in the course. I kept the most simple of the user needs in order to maintain optimal user experience. 
I tested the code on an emulator every time I created a new screen and then again after I added functionality to that screen. Testing often helps determine where the source of a bug comes from. This also helped to make sure that my software versions in the build gradle were still compatible with the newly integrated functionality. Quite often they were not compatible. 
The best part of this released version is the user authentication functionality. The user is prompted to login upon opening the app. Below this prompt is an option to create an account if the user does not have one already. If they do not have an account and try to log in anyway, an error message appears telling them their email does not exist. Like wise, if they try to create an account on an email where they are already a member, an error message occurs. Upon creating a new account the user is asked to enter their password twice. However, there is not functionality included to reset the password. 
This version of the app needs to tested and worked on before release. However, it is a great start to an android exclusive mobile app. Any feedback is welcomed.    

